add s3 sink document (#115)
streamnative/pulsar-hub: connectors/cloud-storage-sink/2.5.1/cloud-storage-sink.md

## Features
The Pulsar IO Cloud Storage Sink connector provides the following features:

- Exactly Once Delivery: Records that are exported using a deterministic partitioner are delivered with exactly-once semantics regardless of the eventual consistency of Cloud Storage.
- Data Format with or without a Schema: Plug and play, the connector supports writing data to cloud storage in Avro, JSON and parquet formats. Generally, the connector can accept any format that provides an implementation of the Format interface.
- Partitioner: The connector supports the TimeBasedPartitioner class based on the Pulsar message publishTime TimeStamp. Time-based partitioning options are daily or hourly.

> - More object storage support: The connector uses jclouds as an implementation of cloud storage. You can use the jclouds object storage jar to connect to more types of object storage. If you need to customize credentials, you can register ʻorg.apache.pulsar.io.jcloud.credential.JcloudsCredential` via SPI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More object storage support: The connector uses jclouds as an implementation of cloud storage. You can use the jclouds object storage jar to connect to more types of object storage. If you need to customize credentials, you can register`org.apache.pulsar.io.jcloud.credential.JcloudsCredential` via SPI.
```

The Cloud Storage sink connector pulls messages from Pulsar topics and persists messages to Cloud Storage.

# Installation

```
git clone https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-io-cloud-storage.git
cd pulsar-io-cloud-storage/
mvn clean install -DskipTests
cp target/pulsar-io-cloud-storage-0.0.1.nar $PULSAR_HOME/pulsar-io-cloud-storage-0.0.1.nar
```

# Configuration 

The Cloud Storage sink connector supports the following properties.

## Cloud Storage sink connector configuration

| Name | Type|Required | Default | Description |
|------|----------|----------|---------|-------------|

> | `provider` |String| True | " " (empty string) | The Cloud Storage type. for example, `aws-s3`,`gcs`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `provider` |String| True | " " (empty string) | The Cloud Storage type, such as `aws-s3`,`gcs`.|
```

| `accessKeyId` |String| True | " " (empty string) | The Cloud Storage access key ID. |
| `secretAccessKey` | String| True | " " (empty string) | The Cloud Storage secret access key. |
| `role` | String |False | " " (empty string) | The Cloud Storage role. |
| `roleSessionName` | String| False | " " (empty string) | The Cloud Storage role session name. |
| `bucket` | String| True | " " (empty string) | The Cloud Storage bucket. |
| `endpoint` | String| False | " " (empty string) | The Cloud Storage endpoint. |

> | `formatType` | String| False | "json" | The data format type: JSON, Avro, or Parquet. By default, it is set to JSON. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `formatType` | String| False | "json" | The data format type. Available options are JSON, Avro, or Parquet. By default, it is set to JSON. |
```

> | `partitionerType` | String| False |"partition" | The partition type. It can be configured by partition or time. By default, the partition type is configured by partition. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `partitionerType` | String| False |"partition" | The partitioning type. It can be configured by topic partitions or by time. By default, the partition type is configured by topic partitions. |
```

> | `timePartitionPattern` | String| False |"yyyy-MM-dd" | The format pattern of the time partition. For details, refer to the Java date and time format. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timePartitionPattern` | String| False |"yyyy-MM-dd" | The format pattern of the time-based partitioning. For details, refer to the Java date and time format. |
```

> | `timePartitionDuration` | String| False |"1d" | The time interval divided by time, such as 1d, or 1h. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timePartitionDuration` | String| False |"1d" | The time interval for time-based partitioning, such as 1d, or 1h. |
```

    parallelism: 1
    
    configs:
      provider: "aws-s3",
      accessKeyId: "accessKeyId"
      secretAccessKey: "secretAccessKey"
      role: "none"
      roleSessionName: "none"
      bucket: "testBucket"
      region: "local"
      endpoint: "us-standard"
      formatType: "parquet"
      partitionerType: "time"
      timePartitionPattern: "yyyy-MM-dd"
      timePartitionDuration: "1d"
      batchSize: 10
      batchTimeMs: 1000
    ```

# Usage

1. Prepare the Cloud Storage service. In this example, we use `s3mock` as an example.

    ```
    docker pull apachepulsar/s3mock:latest
    docker run -p 9090:9090 -e initialBuckets=pulsar-integtest apachepulsar/s3mock:latest
    ```

2. Put the `pulsar-io-cloud-storage-2.5.1.nar` in the Pulsar connector catalog.

    ```
    cp pulsar-io-cloud-storage-2.5.1.nar $PULSAR_HOME/connectors/pulsar-io-cloud-storage-2.5.1.nar
    ```

3. Start Pulsar in the standalone mode.

    ```
    $PULSAR_HOME/bin/pulsar standalone
    ```

4. Run the Cloud Storage sink connector locally.

    ```
    $PULSAR_HOME/bin/pulsar-admin sink localrun --sink-config-file cloud-storage-sink-config.yaml
    ```

> 5. Send Pulsar messages. In this example, the schema of the topic only supports `avro` or `json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Send Pulsar messages. Currently, only Avro or JSON schema is supported.
```

                for (TestRecord record : testRecords) {
                    producer.send(record);
                }
            }
   ```

6. Validate Cloud Storage data.
    To get the path, you can use the [jclould](https://jclouds.apache.org/start/install/) to verify the file, as shown below.
    ```java
    Properties overrides = new Properties();
    overrides.put(“jclouds.s3.virtual-host-buckets”, “false”);
    BlobStoreContext blobStoreContext = ContextBuilder.newBuilder(“aws-s3”)
            .credentials(
                    “accessKeyId”,
                    “secretAccessKey”
            )
            .endpoint(“http://localhost:9090”) // replace to s3mock url
            .overrides(overrides)
            .buildView(BlobStoreContext.class);
    BlobStore blobStore = blobStoreContext.getBlobStore();
    final long sequenceId = FunctionCommon.getSequenceId(message.getMessageId());
    final String path = “public/default/test-parquet-avro” + File.separator + “2020-09-14" + File.separator + sequenceId + “.parquet”;
    final boolean blobExists = blobStore.blobExists(“testBucket”, path);
    Assert.assertTrue(“the sink record does not exist”, blobExists);
    ```

>     You can find the sink data in your `testBucket` Bucket. The path is something like `public/default/test-parquet-avro/2020-09-14/1234.parquet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can find the data in your `testBucket` Bucket. The path is something like `public/default/test-parquet-avro/2020-09-14/1234.parquet`.
```
